content/stuff-i-made.md, before:

---
title: "Stuff I Made"
date: 2020-11-08T21:59:38Z
draft: false
---

A collection of things I made. [Minecraft Stuff](#minecraft-stuff) [Other Stuff](#other-stuff)



# Minecraft Stuff

## Little Improvements: Custom
Little Improvements: Custom is an open-source resource pack picker that I coded from scratch. There is a team of three texture artists (Kemiu, Daggsy and myself) who make textures and resource packs for LIC.
[Website](https://www.littleimprovements-custom.tk/)


## Resource Packs

I make a bunch of tweaks resource packs, that aim to improve the vanilla game in small ways. These include:

- [Little Improvements: Variated](https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture-pack/little-improvements-variated/), which adds alternate textures to many blocks; adding variety to the game, and avoiding grid patterns.

- [Little Improvements: Redstone](https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture-pack/little-improvements-redstone/) which is a utility pack that adds small quality of life additions to redstone components.

- [Connected Smooth Stone](https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture-pack/connected-smooth-stone-no-optifine/), which, uhh, makes smooth stone connected.

All my resource packs can be found on my [Planet Minecraft profile](https://www.planetminecraft.com/member/beatso/).


## Resource Pack Info

Resource Pack Info  is a small wiki for bits of info that can be useful when creating a Minecraft resource pack. It's mostly stuff that I didn't find was immediately obvious when searching the web.
[Website](https://rpinfo.beatso.tk/)


## FingerMaps

I am the website and bot developer for the FingerMaps team, a map making team that currently has two maps published. We aim to create unique and interesting maps using custom data packs, mechanics, resource packs and other stuff.
[Website](https://fingermaps.net/)  


## Vanilla Extract

I'm also part of the team at Vanilla Extract, which is another Minecraft resource pack picker. I made the discord bot, I help out with the website, and I am part of the RP Support team.
[Website](https://sites.google.com/view/vanillaextract)



# Other Stuff


## TrumpTimer

A simple timer to count down until President Trump leaves office. [Website](https://beatso.github.io/TrumpTimer/)


## RedditSpyglass

A small website to see how many points a reddit post has, even if it's hidden. [Website](https://beatso.github.io/RedditSpyglass/)


## Translate Nonsense

A Python program to translate text through many languages so it becomes nonsense. [GitHub](https://github.com/Beatso/TranslateNonsense)


## Pinn

A discord bot so anyone can pin messages, even if they don't have the manage messages permission. [top.gg](https://top.gg/bot/763842999573544981)


## Custom Discord Bots

I make a bunch of discord bots in discord.js. They're all on my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/Beatso?tab=repositories).

Commit message:

add simple auto clicker to stuff i made

content/stuff-i-made.md, after:

---
title: "Stuff I Made"
date: 2020-11-08T21:59:38Z
draft: false
---

A collection of things I made. [Minecraft Stuff](#minecraft-stuff) [Other Stuff](#other-stuff)



# Minecraft Stuff

## Little Improvements: Custom
Little Improvements: Custom is an open-source resource pack picker that I coded from scratch. There is a team of three texture artists (Kemiu, Daggsy and myself) who make textures and resource packs for LIC.
[Website](https://www.littleimprovements-custom.tk/)


## Resource Packs

I make a bunch of tweaks resource packs, that aim to improve the vanilla game in small ways. These include:

- [Little Improvements: Variated](https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture-pack/little-improvements-variated/), which adds alternate textures to many blocks; adding variety to the game, and avoiding grid patterns.

- [Little Improvements: Redstone](https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture-pack/little-improvements-redstone/) which is a utility pack that adds small quality of life additions to redstone components.

- [Connected Smooth Stone](https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture-pack/connected-smooth-stone-no-optifine/), which, uhh, makes smooth stone connected.

All my resource packs can be found on my [Planet Minecraft profile](https://www.planetminecraft.com/member/beatso/).


## Resource Pack Info

Resource Pack Info  is a small wiki for bits of info that can be useful when creating a Minecraft resource pack. It's mostly stuff that I didn't find was immediately obvious when searching the web.
[Website](https://rpinfo.beatso.tk/)


## Simple Auto Clicker
Simple Auto Clicker is a small program I made that has options to left clikc at different speeds for mob grinders, written in AHK. [PMC](https://www.planetminecraft.com/mod/simple-auto-clicker/)


## FingerMaps

I am the website and bot developer for the FingerMaps team, a map making team that currently has two maps published. We aim to create unique and interesting maps using custom data packs, mechanics, resource packs and other stuff.
[Website](https://fingermaps.net/)  


## Vanilla Extract

I'm also part of the team at Vanilla Extract, which is another Minecraft resource pack picker. I made the discord bot, I help out with the website, and I am part of the RP Support team.
[Website](https://sites.google.com/view/vanillaextract)



# Other Stuff


## TrumpTimer

A simple timer to count down until President Trump leaves office. [Website](https://beatso.github.io/TrumpTimer/)


## RedditSpyglass

A small website to see how many points a reddit post has, even if it's hidden. [Website](https://beatso.github.io/RedditSpyglass/)


## Translate Nonsense

A Python program to translate text through many languages so it becomes nonsense. [GitHub](https://github.com/Beatso/TranslateNonsense)


## Pinn

A discord bot so anyone can pin messages, even if they don't have the manage messages permission. [top.gg](https://top.gg/bot/763842999573544981)


## Custom Discord Bots

I make a bunch of discord bots in discord.js. They're all on my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/Beatso?tab=repositories).
